.\"gpsar is copyright Cloudian KK..
.Dd 2014 Cloudian KK.
.Dt gpsar(1) "" "gpsar - Gnuplot SAR data files into HTML"
.\".Dt gpsar 1
.Os UNIX
.Sh NAME
.Nm gpsar
.Nd Gnuplot a servers sar data files and create a HTML summary.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl e Ar HH:MM:SS
.Op Fl i Ar iface
.Op Fl s Ar HH:MM:SS
.Op Ar DD Cm ...
.Nm
.Op Fl e Ar HH:MM:SS
.Op Fl i Ar iface
.Op Fl s Ar HH:MM:SS
.Op Fl f Ar datafile
.Nm
.Op Fl v
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This is gpsar. It's a tiny (relatively) shell script that looks at the
servers sar data files, processes them with sadf and runs them through
Gnuplot to generate a series of graphs before creating a HTML summary
which contains the images.
.Pp
The \fIDD\fR argument is the day of the month and should be provided
using leading zeros. Multiple days can be given by just repeating the
days one after the other with white space. "\fBgpsar\fR \fI14 15\fR"
would tell the command to use sar data from the 14th and 15th of
either the last month or the current month. Typically gpsar will read
the sar data from /var/log/sa/sa14 and /var/log/sa/sa15 in this case.
.Pp
The command current create the \fBgpsar.html\fR file in the current
working directory.
.Pp
.Sh OPTIONS
The \fBgpsar\fR script takes several options which are described below.
.Bl -tag -width "1234567890123" -compact
.Pp
.It \fB-e\fR \fIHH:MM:SS\fR
Similar to the sadf command, this option sets the ending time of the
report. The time is assumed to be in local time.
.Pp
.It \fB-f\fR \fIdatafile\fR
Instead of using the system's sar files directly, use the given
\fIdatafile\fR. This is again similar to the \fIdatafile\fR option
of the sadf command.
.Pp
.It \fB-i\fR \fIiface\fR
Only graph certain network interfaces. This is handy on machines that
have a large number of uninteresting interfaces. You can select multiple
interfaces by using quotes. Example \fB-i "eth0 eth1"\fR.
.Pp
.It \fB-s\fR \fIHH:MM:SS\fR
Similar to the sadf command, this option sets the start time of the
report. The time is assumed to be in local time.
.Pp
.It \fB-v\fR
Output the version of the gpsar program and exit.
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
Cloudian KK.
.An http://www.cloudian.com
